>> Steve Kinney: So then we talked
a little bit about what do we
do with the multiple strings and
how do we hello world versus hello
world today, so on and so forth.
We can see that padding.
So we've got a batch of texts.
Make sure I run all the various things in
this case because if I don't run them,
they won't run.
I'm just talking and not paying attention.
That's actually marked down.
So we've got batch_encoding.
We take a tokenizer and
an array of text or a list,
if we're speaking in
proper Python parlance,
that we do want to have the padding and
then some amount of truncation very long.
This PT is just what kind
of tensors do you want?
We're using pytorch.
There's also TensorFlow and
a few other ones.
But just to make a decision,
we chose to use Pytorch today.
I will be very honest where
that decision came from.
A year, year and a half ago,
when I was researching which one to use,
because choice is hard, there was a bunch
of people saying TensorFlow is if you
already have it in Pytorch,
if you're starting a new project.
I did not endorse that message, but
I read it and then started using Pytorch.
Now you do too, if you're running these.
Cool, so if we have the cat
sat on the mat and the cat.
We should see the cat sat, pad, pad, pad.
So we can actually go ahead and
take a look at this in practice and
play around with it.
Okay, so let's take a look what we have.
So first we're gonna show the input IDs.
Those are the tokens.
So we have the cat sat and
the cat sat on the mat.
And so you can pretty much
see we've got that probably
that cls beginning of the statement token,
the cat sat are the same.
Then we have.
If you look that that is both basically
probably the period in both sentences and
then the extra three words and
then the end of the statement,
then what it does to make
them effectively equal is
pad the shorter one, right,
With a bunch of zeros.
So now they are effectively
the same length.
So you can look at the relation.
And then you do have for
the actual attention mask.
Well, that one has all the words.
This one obviously has
some empty space in there.
So it tells you which ones are actually
important and which ones are not,
which used to inform
the attention later on and
where we should actually
put those things together.
So we can take any given thing and you can
see that there are consistent numbers for
every given one of these tokens.
We gotta find out.
We need one where it shows us
every step of the way through.
Which didn't occur to
me until that question.
I thought about the happy path.
I did not think about the unhappy path.
But luckily these notebooks are something
you can play around with as well and
kind of move around and change also.
So I definitely encourage you to do them.
You can easily.
They're all shared.
You can easily just like make your
own copies and play around with them.
And you absolutely should be.
But for the happy path,
let's just run that again real quick.
We can see that the tokens
do have unique IDs.
There is this idea of keeping track of
which ones were meaningful tokens and
which ones you'd be like, wouldn't
the zeros get you most of the way there?
You could argue that.
But like I think also having which ones
are actually meaningful in a 1:0 format is
powerful as well.
Cool, and so effectively that
is the process of tokening and
vectorizing it and
stuff along those lines.
Yeah, awesome.
>> Male: So you're trying to
guess at kind of which one
translates to which character.
Is there a scenario where
you look up a dictionary and
try to understand if
something's translated wrong?
>> Steve Kinney: No,
that's the model's job.
>> Male: I figured it just-
>> Steve Kinney: That's the model's
job, right?
Yeah, ideally, right.
Especially cuz it's effectively a mapping.
I wonder, at the time I was clearing
out all those progress bars because
they were taking up a lot of room.
But you can see of the files
that are downloaded,
I'm not entirely sure where
COLAB is storing everything.
We could probably find it.
But one of the things you could see
it pulling down was a vocab JSON.
My suspicion is that there's
something interesting in there.
I'm just not entirely sure where in
this Linux file system that is pulled
down into.
You can probably go into Hugging Face
to look at the models too.
It is most likely just a hash map.
So I think I feel pretty confident
that it's not gonna mess that up.
>> Male: Does that mean that the JSON
will expand as you add new characters?
>> Steve Kinney: Or is it- I mean it's
of the mapping of a token to the id.
Right.
>> Male: So
there'll never be a token created
that it doesn't know how to process?
>> Steve Kinney: I mean that's been
our current thought exercise, right?
We see the unknown token, we haven't
figured out how to get to one, right?
But there's a whole bunch of weird ASCII
characters that we have not gone the dark
road of like what will
I be doing later today?
I'll be holding the option key and the
shift key and and putting in crazy stuff
like that apple and trying to see if I
can get something crazy to happen, right?
Do I feel the need to do that all
in front of you for the next hour?
I feel like I shouldn't.
Feel like I shouldn't.
I feel like I should, but
I know that I shouldn't.
And Dustin will look at me if I
start any longer and redirect me.
So we won't.
But the larger scale or
the high level thing is that we
break the words apart into tokens.
The tokens become numbers.
We'll do something with those numbers
momentarily to figure out meaning and
then we will string them all back together
when it comes time for a response, right?
So what happens when you have too many
like minded people in the room as you
start going down the road of mad science?